now it happened in those days that the
Philistines gather their armies together
for war to fight with Israel and a Koosh
said to David you assuredly know that
you will go out with me to battle you
and your men surely you know what your
servant can do therefore I will make you
one of my chief Guardians
forever now Samuel had died and all
Israel had lamented for him and buried
him in Ramah in his own City and soul
had put the mediums and the spiritists
out of the land
[Music]
then the Philistines gathered together
and came and encamped at shunick so Saul
gathered all Israel together and they
encamped at Gilboa when Saul saw the
army of the Philistines he was afraid
and his heart trembled greatly and when
saul inquired of the Lord the Lord did
not answer him either by dreams or by
urine or by the prophets then saul said
to his servants find me a woman who was
a medium but I may go to her and inquire
of her in fact there is a woman who is a
medium and Endor so Saul disguised
himself and put on other clothes and he
went and two men with him and they came
to the woman by night please conduct a
sails for me and bring up for me the one
I shall name to look you know what Saul
has done how he has cut off the mediums
the spiritists from the land why then do
you lay a snare for my life to cause me
to die
and Saul swore to her by the Lord as the
Lord lives no punishment shall come upon
you for this thing whom shall I bring up
for you
bring up Samuel for me when the woman
saw Samuel she cried out with a loud
voice why have you deceived me for you
are so do not be afraid what did you see
I saw a spirit ascending out of the
earth
what is isn't for an old man is coming
up and he is covered with a mantle and
so perceived that it was Samuel and he
stooped with his face to the ground and
bowed down now Samuel said to Saul why
have you disturbed me by bringing me up
I am deeply distressed for the
Philistines make war against me and God
has departed from me
it does not answer me anymore the bad
prophets not by dreams therefore I have
called you but you may reveal to me what
I should do
so why do you ask me seeing the Lord has
departed from you and has become your
enemy and the Lord has done for himself
as he spoke by me for the Lord has torn
the kingdom out of your hand and given
it to your neighbor David because you
did not obey the voice of the Lord nor
execute his fierce wrath upon havilland
therefore the Lord has done this thing
to you this day moreover the Lord will
also deliver Israel with you into the
hand of the Philistines and tomorrow you
and your sons will be with me the Lord
will also deliver the army of Israel
into the hand of the Philistines
immediately Saul fell full length on the
ground
and was dreadfully afraid because of the
words of Sammy oh and there was no
strength in him for he had eaten no food
all day or all night and the woman came
to Seoul and saw that he was severely
troubled look your maidservant has
obeyed your voice and I have put my life
in my hands and hated the words which
you spoke to me now
therefore please heed also the voice of
your maidservant and let me set a piece
of bread before you and eat that you may
have strength when you go on your way
but he refused I will not eat so his
servants together with a woman
urged and he heeded their voice then he
arose from the ground and sat on the bed
now the woman had a fatted calf in the
house and she hastened to kill it and
she took flour and kneaded it and baked
unleavened bread from it so she brought
it before Sol and his servants and they
ate then they rose and went away that
night
you